today is a very special day I'm about to
tell you why it is the 20th anniversary
of lis offenders passing so in honor of
that we have for you some absolutely
gorgeous guitars we have first the sc3
is from 1988 gorgeous gorgeous
Oh maple body maple neck and we've got
Leo fender signature right there up on
the headstock music that with a rosewood
venire fretboard next to that we have
the George falutin signature model you
can see George's signature is right
there George Fullerton was his partner
later on in life that did they started
Gino guitars and obviously these are all
do you know this George's signature
George has also passed on this is the
legacy gorgeous intubate tobacco birth
sorry the other was in clear red and we
had the white on white
obviously aged uh-huh this is swamp ash
body you can see that gorgeous green
through it and a maple magic beautiful
absolutely gorgeous again do you know
guitar and this last one again is
another legacy looks slightly different
the reason is because they're all
handmade this is in Candia red with a
gorgeous maple neck and a slab rosewood
fretboard you see that right there that
says it all I'm gonna go in a little
closer those are from United States from
there G&L sharp which is in force in
California named George bulletin found
on
fender street fender road fender Avenue
I'm not sure if you know please correct
me
sorry just blowing miss get off me these
are absolutely beautiful guitars and Leo
fender has left us quite a legacy hasn't
he have a great day everyone